There's a new cape in Minecraft to
celebrate the copper age drop. And the
elytra looks amazing. You have until
October 20th at 1000 p.m. PDT to get it,
and it should be possible to get
multiple codes. Here's how to get it.
There are three easy ways, but the
fastest is currently to go on TikTok and
watch a Minecraft stream for 3 minutes.
This cape icon will show up in the top
corner and then a timer shows up and
just wait until it's done. Claim the
code and go to minecraft.net/redeem
and type in the code and your cape
should show up on Bedrock. But be
patient because it might take some time.
The cape will probably also come to Java
at some point because even though it
doesn't explicitly say that, every other
cape has come to Java eventually. The
next way is to launch Bedrock Minecraft.
It has to be Bedrock and place down a
copper golem statue. It doesn't matter
if you use creative mode to do this. And
that's all you have to do. But this
isn't necessarily the fastest way to do
it because it says you'll get your cape
sent to you by October 31st. So you
might be waiting a while before you get
the cape. And finally, you can watch a
Minecraft stream on Twitch for 5
minutes. But this doesn't work yet, but
I'll update you when it does.